An IPv4 address walks into the bar and yells, "Bartender! Give me a cider, I'm exhausted!"
WHO HAS ANY GOOD ARP JOKES!?
The punchline often arrives before the set-up.\nDo you know the problem with UDP jokes?
A TCP packet walks into a bar and says, “I’d like a beer.” The bartender replies, “You want a beer?” The TCP packet replies, “Yes, I’d like a beer.”
A VRRP packet walks into a bar...\nIt looks around, panics, kicks a stool, flips a table over, and sets the bar on fire, then runs outside screaming.\nNo one knows why.
Old MacDonald had a network - E-I-G-R-P
What do you get when you cross a gangster with a communications protocol?\nSomeone who makes you an offer you can't understand.
404 Joke not found.
The sad thing about IPv6 jokes is that almost no one understands them and no one is using them yet.
The bad thing about Turing machine jokes is you never can tell when they're over.
RFC1918 jokes are inside jokes.
The problem with GIS jokes is that you really had to be there.
The problem with token ring jokes is you need to wait your turn to laugh.
Everybody loves MitM jokes. Well, everybody except Alice and Bob that is.
People who tell routing jokes always exceed their time-to-live.
IGMP joke; please repost.
How do you keep a UDP client in suspense?
Spy vs spy. RS-232 vs MI6. Who you going to call? Baud, James Baud.
RAID joke are always redundant
CHAP jokes are difficult to tell, because you have to perform a handshake, followed by a password, before they will be accepted.
NNTP jokes are news to me!
The worst thing about Tor jokes is that no one gets where you're coming from.
I was telling a WEP joke once,but everyone already knew it
ICMP echo request called.He wants his reply back.
Did you hear the one about the Jumbo frames? It takes a long time to tell it.
I used to tell this really good joke about One Time Pads. No one got it the first time but everyone got it on the 2nd go around...
The best thing about script jokes is that they start with a bang.
Multicast jokes are great, but you have to be paying attention I had an Ethernet joke, but somebody else told it at the same time. So I exponentially backed off and tried again.
Error 404. The requested punchline was not found in this message.
OSI model jokes work on so many levels.
In high society, TCP is more welcome than UDP. At least it knows a proper handshake.
The problem with a cryptography joke is that you need to tell a pair of them before anyone understand what's being said.
I heard a great one about IPSEC, but you wouldn't get it -- it's an inside joke.
I'd tell you the one about the CIDR block, but you're too classy.
The sad thing about Kerberos jokes is that you first have to buy a ticket to join the laughter
Sorry, but not allowed to tell you my 403 joke. So stop asking!
VoIP is the latest koolaid ingredient....seems like everyone is already taking a SIP
Doctor: What seems to be the problem? Router: It hurts when IP.
406 jokes are not acceptable.
HTTP 200 jokes are only OK.
